Greetings, aspiring musician! Thank you for choosing our application. Below you will find detailed instructions for working with the program. 


1) Loading Sounds 
To create a project, you will need a basic set of sounds that you will work with. You can work with the sounds that are already in the application, or upload your own. To do this, from the main screen, click the Sounds button to go to the sounds download menu. When you press the ADD button, you will be prompted to select the sounds in the phone's memory to load into the application. Once added, these sounds will be located in the list of Custom sounds. 

2) Creating a project 
To create a new project, go to the main screen and click on the button in the upper right corner of the screen. In the drop-down list, select New project, in the window that appears, enter the name of the project and click New project. A new empty project will be created with your name. 

3) Adding Sounds and Adjusting Parameters 
Now let's start creating our composition. Sounds will be configured in the Sound window. First, click on the # icon and select the sound you want. The Len column will display the length of the selected sound. Adjust its settings below. The first line is the offset from the previous sound in the track (in milliseconds). The second line is the sound volume (in percent). The third line is the compression or stretching of the sound (in percent), where 100% is the value of the original sound. Further, when you click on the add button opposite the corresponding track, the selected sound with the configured parameters is added to it. Download and arrange all the necessary sounds. The red stripes on the lanes are for convenience and are spaced at 0.5 second intervals. 

4) When you press the Del button next to a track, the last added sound will be deleted from it. When you click on any sound in the Sound window, its parameters that you set earlier will be displayed. Clicking the delete button in the Sound window will delete the selected sound. 

5) To play the resulting composition, click the Play button. The Pause and Halt buttons pause playback and reset it, respectively. The Save button will save the changes to your project. 

6) In the Settings menu, you can set the interval for automatically saving sounds, as well as reset downloaded sounds or projects. 

7) The Account menu contains information about your account. If you are using the application for the first time, go to the Sign up menu, enter your email and password. An email will be sent to you to confirm your account. Open it and click on the link. After that, return to the application and re-enter your username and password in the log in menu. You will be redirected to your profile, where you can fill in information about yourself. The screen will display a list of your downloaded sounds and projects. To add a sound or a project to a profile, click on the add button under the corresponding list, and select the desired list item. Here you can also add a friend who also uses our application. To do this, just click the add button and enter your friend's email. You can go to his profile to view his friend's projects. When you click on a friend's project, it will be copied to your projects. 

8) In the Help activity you will find the user agreement, answers to frequently asked questions and information about the authors.